JOSS paper on QMC (#10)
tupui/scipy: joss_qmc/paper.md

---
title: 'Quasi-Monte Carlo Methods in Python'
tags:
  - Python
  - SciPy
  - statistics
  - Quasi-Monte Carlo methods
authors:
  - name: Pamphile T. Roy
    affiliation: 1
    corresponding: true
    orcid: 0000-0001-9816-1416
  - name: Art B. Owen
    affiliation: 2
    orcid: 0000-0001-5860-3945
  - name: Maximilian Balandat
    affiliation: 3
    orcid: 0000-0002-8214-8935
  - name: Matt Haberland
    affiliation: 4
    orcid: 0000-0003-4806-3601
affiliations:
    - name: Quansight
      index: 1
    - name: Stanford University
      index: 2
    - name: Meta
      index: 3
    - name: California Polytechnic State University, San Luis Obispo, USA
      index: 4
date: 30 August 2022
bibliography: paper.bib

---

# Summary

# Statement of need

NumPy random number generators (`numpy.random`) have become the de-facto
standard for sampling random numbers in the scientific Python ecosystem.
These methods are fast and reliable, and the results are repeatable when a
seed is provided. As a foundational tool, NumPy only provides classical
Monte Carlo (MC) methods. Sampling in high dimensions with MC produces a lot of

> gaps and clusters of points. When these random numbers are used in algorithms
> to solve deterministic problems, the resulting MC methods have a low

Author: ```suggestion
gaps and clusters of points. When these random numbers are used in algorithms
(including sampling, numerical integration, optimization)
to solve deterministic problems, the resulting MC methods have a low
```

convergence rate. In practice, this can mean that substantial computational
resources are required to provide sufficient accuracy.

In Quasi-Monte Carlo (QMC) methods [@owen2019], the random numbers of Monte
Carlo methods are replaced with a deterministic sequence of numbers that
possesses many of the characteristics of a random sequence
(e.g. reduction of variance with the sample size), but without these gaps

> and clusters. QMC determinism is implementation, language and platform,
> independent. The sequence is mathematically defined. 

Author: ```suggestion
and clusters. QMC determinism is independent of is implementation,
language, and platform -- the sequence is mathematically defined. 
```

In many cases, a QMC sequence can be used as a drop-in
replacement for a random number sequence, yet they are proven to provide faster

> convergence rates. When true stochasticity is required (e.g. statistical
> inference), QMC sequences can be "scrambled" using random numbers, and several
> smaller scrambled QMC sequences can often replace one large random sequence.

Author: ```suggestion
convergence rates (both in theory and practice).
When true stochasticity is required (e.g. statistical
inference), QMC sequences can be "scrambled" using random numbers, and several smaller scrambled QMC sequences can often replace one large random sequence.
```

---
title: 'Quasi-Monte Carlo Methods in Python'
tags:
  - Python
  - SciPy
  - statistics
  - Quasi-Monte Carlo methods
authors:
  - name: Pamphile T. Roy
    affiliation: 1
    corresponding: true
    orcid: 0000-0001-9816-1416
  - name: Art B. Owen
    affiliation: 2
    orcid: 0000-0001-5860-3945
  - name: Maximilian Balandat
    affiliation: 3
    orcid: 0000-0002-8214-8935
  - name: Matt Haberland
    affiliation: 4
    orcid: 0000-0003-4806-3601
affiliations:
    - name: Quansight
      index: 1
    - name: Stanford University
      index: 2
    - name: Meta
      index: 3
    - name: California Polytechnic State University, San Luis Obispo, USA
      index: 4
date: 30 August 2022
bibliography: paper.bib

---

# Summary

# Statement of need

> NumPy random number generators (`numpy.random`) have become the de-facto

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NumPy pseudorandom number generators (`numpy.random`) have become the de-facto
```
The intent is to help distinguish between "pseudorandom" as a class of algorithms for random number generation and NumPy's implementation of these algorithms. That way, it is clear that we are thanking NumPy for a solid implementation of classical pseudorandom numbers and only criticizing the shortcomings of pseudorandom numbers themselves.

standard for sampling random numbers in the scientific Python ecosystem.
These methods are fast and reliable, and the results are repeatable when a

> seed is provided. As a foundational tool, NumPy only provides classical
> Monte Carlo (MC) methods. Sampling in high dimensions with MC produces a lot of
> gaps and clusters of points. When these random numbers are used in algorithms

Reviewer: > As a foundational tool, NumPy only provides classical Monte Carlo (MC) methods.

There are a few things here:

- NumPy doesn't "provide Monte Carlo (MC) methods." It only provides pseudorandom number generators.
- The purpose of the sentence below is to define the term "Monte Carlo" methods and the relationship with pseudorandom numbers, so I'd rather not use the term "Monte Carlo" until that sentence.
- We wouldn't want to suggest that a foundational tool should _not_ provide QMC, right? After all, SciPy _is_ foundational, too, and it provides QMC.

Since the sentence isn't really needed to make the point, let's just remove it.

```suggestion
seed is provided. However, sampling in high dimensions with pseudorandom numbers tends to produce
gaps and clusters of points. When these random numbers are used in algorithms
```

(including sampling, numerical integration, optimization)

> to solve deterministic problems, the resulting MC methods have a low

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to solve deterministic problems, the resulting "Monte Carlo" (MC) methods have a low
```
This sentence defines what "Monte Carlo" means for the readers who are unfamiliar with the term, which helps them to understand "Quasi-Monte Carlo" by extension.

convergence rate. In practice, this can mean that substantial computational
resources are required to provide sufficient accuracy.

In Quasi-Monte Carlo (QMC) methods [@owen2019], the random numbers of Monte
Carlo methods are replaced with a deterministic sequence of numbers that
possesses many of the characteristics of a random sequence

> (e.g. reduction of variance with the sample size), but without these gaps

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(e.g. reduction of variance with increasing sample size), but without these gaps
```

and clusters. QMC determinism is independent of is implementation,
language, and platform -- the sequence is mathematically defined. 

In many cases, a QMC sequence can be used as a drop-in
replacement for a random number sequence, yet they are proven to provide faster
convergence rates (both in theory and practice).
When true stochasticity is required (e.g. statistical
inference), QMC sequences can be "scrambled" using random numbers, and several smaller scrambled QMC sequences can often replace one large random sequence.

QMC methods were added to SciPy [@virtanen2020scipy] after an extensive review
and discussion period [@scipy2021qmc] that lead to a very fruitful collaboration
between SciPy's maintainers and renowned researchers in the field.
Our implementation work inspired additional work on highlighting the importance

> of including the first point in the Sobol' sequence [owen2020].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For instance, our implementation inspired additional work on the importance
of including the first point in the Sobol' sequence [@owen2020].
```

> The following set of QMC features are currently available in SciPy:

Reviewer: Maybe this would be good to emphasize that this is what is new to SciPy that is being claimed by the paper.
```suggestion
The following set of QMC features are now available in SciPy:
```

- Sobol' and Halton sequences (scrambled and unscrambled),
- Poisson disk sampling,
- Quasi-random multinomial and multivariate normal sampling,
- Discrepancy measures ($C^2$, wrap around, star-$L_2$, mixed),

> - Latin Hypercube Sampling (centred, strength 1 or 2),

Reviewer: I'm not sure if the journal will accept British spellings. Some don't.
```suggestion
- Latin Hypercube Sampling (centered, strength 1 or 2),
```

- Optimize a sample by minimizing $C^2$ discrepancy or performing Lloyd-Max
  iterations,

> - Scaling utilities,

Reviewer: I commented before - maybe in the other paper - about possibly removing this. It is not inherently related to QMC and I don't know that it's a major selling point. 
```suggestion
```
If you think this is particularly interesting to the audience (like variable bits would be at the QMC conference), then go ahead and keep it, but this is for a general audience so I think it will seem unusual to claim this.

> - Fast numerical inverse methods to sample arbitrary distributions with QMC.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fast numerical inverse methods to sample arbitrary univariate distributions with QMC [@unuran2022].
```

  Additional methods have been later added. They wrap the UNU.RAN library

>   [unuran2022].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- QMC integration

```

Before the release of SciPy 1.7.0, the need for these functions was partially
met in the scientific Python ecosystem by tutorials (e.g. blog posts)
and niche packages, but the functions in SciPy have several advantages:

> - Popularity: with an estimated 5 million download per month, SciPy is one of

Reviewer: I'm not sure if this is "estimated" in the sense that "we are guessing because we don't have enough data". Are extrapolating to a higher number than reported by PyPI / Anaconda? If we have the data, and the point is that it varies from month to month, then "approximately" would be more appropriate.
```suggestion
- Popularity: with approximately 5 million downloads per month, SciPy is one of
```

_Update: I see "1 million per day" in the QMC conference paper. Maybe just leave it as "millions of downloads per month. That is still a big number, and we avoid the need to qualify the statement."_

```suggestion
- Popularity: with millions of downloads per month, SciPy is one of
```

Author: The only metric I am sure about is actually from the web stats we have. 1 million unique viewer per month

---
title: 'Quasi-Monte Carlo Methods in Python'
tags:
  - Python
  - SciPy
  - statistics
  - Quasi-Monte Carlo methods
authors:
  - name: Pamphile T. Roy
    affiliation: 1
    corresponding: true
    orcid: 0000-0001-9816-1416
  - name: Art B. Owen
    affiliation: 2
    orcid: 0000-0001-5860-3945
  - name: Maximilian Balandat
    affiliation: 3
    orcid: 0000-0002-8214-8935
  - name: Matt Haberland
    affiliation: 4
    orcid: 0000-0003-4806-3601
affiliations:
    - name: Quansight
      index: 1
    - name: Stanford University
      index: 2
    - name: Meta
      index: 3
    - name: California Polytechnic State University, San Luis Obispo, USA
      index: 4
date: 30 August 2022
bibliography: paper.bib

---

# Summary

# Statement of need

NumPy random number generators (`numpy.random`) have become the de-facto standard
for sampling random numbers in the scientific Python ecosystem.
These methods are fast and reliable, and the results are repeatable when a

> random seed is provided. However, sampling in high dimensions produces a lot of

Reviewer: I understand the term "random seed", and I use it, but I think it's ambiguous - it sounds more like it's a _random number_ that is provided as a seed (for _something_) rather than a _deterministic number_ provided as a seed _to a random number generator_. 
Consider just "seed" or "seed state". https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Random_seed

Author: Agreed it's cleaner.

gaps and clusters of points. In integration problems, these classical "Monte Carlo"
methods have a low convergence rate meaning that a large sample size is required

> to achieve good accuracy. 

Reviewer: I commented about "integration problems" not sounding very general before. Here's a potentially concrete suggestion, although maybe one of the other authors will have something better:

> When these random numbers are used in algorithms to solve deterministic problems, the resulting "Monte Carlo" methods have a low convergence rate. In practice, this can mean that substantial computational resources are required to provide sufficient accuracy.

Author: Done

By construction, Quasi-Monte Carlo (QMC) methods provide efficient, deterministic
(or not) high quality sample generators that can advantageously replace traditional
methods. This can be decisive when the sampling size is limited or strong
reproducibility guarantee is required. QMC methods are known to have better

> convergence rates than traditional Monte Carlo sampling (as implmented by NumPy).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Quasi-Monte Carlo (QMC) methods, the random numbers of Monte Carlo methods
are replaced with a deterministic sequence of numbers that possesses many of
the characteristics of a random sequence (e.g. ____), but without these gaps
and clusters. In many cases, a QMC sequence can be used as a drop-in
replacement for a random number sequence, yet they are proven to provide faster
convergence rates. When true stochasticity is required (e.g. statistical
inference), QMC sequences can be "scrambled" using random numbers, and several
smaller scrambled QMC sequences can often replace one large random sequence.
```
This needs to be reviewed for accuracy, but the intent is to be more explicit about what "efficient", "deterministic (or not)", "advantageously replace", and "decisive" mean.

Author: Done

QMC methods were added to SciPy [@virtanen2020scipy] after an extensive review
and discussion period [@scipy2021qmc] that lead to a very fruitful collaboration
between SciPy's maintainers and renowned researchers in the field.

> The following set of features QMC are currently available in SciPy:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following set of QMC features are currently available in SciPy:
```

- Sobol' and Halton sequences (scrambled and unscrambled),
- Poisson disk sampling,
- Quasi-random multinomial and multivariate normal sampling,
- Discrepancy measures ($C^2$, wrap around, star-$L_2$, mixed),
- Latin Hypercube Sampling (centred, optimized on $C^2$, orthogonal),

> - Optimize a sample using $C^2$ or Lloyd-Max iterations,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Optimize a sample my minimizing $C^2$ discrepancy or performing Lloyd-Max iterations,
```

- Scaling utilities,
- Fast numerical inverse methods to sample arbitrary distributions with QMC.

Before the release of SciPy 1.7.0, the need for these functions was partially
met in the scientific Python ecosystem by tutorials (e.g. blog posts)
and niche packages, but the functions in SciPy have several advantages:

> - Popularity: with an estimated 5 million download per month, SciPy is one of the most downloaded scientific Python packages. New features immediatelly reach a wide range of users from all fields.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Popularity: with an estimated 5 million download per month, SciPy is one of the most downloaded scientific Python packages. New features immediately reach a wide range of users from all fields.
```

- Performance: The low level functions are written in compiled languages such as Cython and optimized for speed and efficiency.
- Consistency: The APIs comply with the high standards of SciPy, function API reference and tutorials are thorough, and the interfaces share common features complementing other SciPy functions.

> - Quality: As with all SciPy code, these functions were rigorously peer-reviewed and are extensively unit-tested. In addition, theimplementation has been extensively tested in collaboration with the foremost experts in the field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Quality: As with all SciPy code, these functions were rigorously peer-reviewed for code quality and are extensively unit-tested. In addition, the implementations were produced in collaboration with the foremost experts in the QMC field.
```
> the foremost experts in the field

"the field" could refer to the field of "code" or "functions". I think we should be explicit.
"extensively tested" was used twice. Let's use it once. 
"the foremost experts" - Even though it's true, you might want to check whether Art wants to refer to himself with a superlative like that. He might be more comfortable with just "experts" since he's an author of this paper.

> rigorously peer-reviewed for code quality

Well, that's what I tried to do.... : )

Author: Included

Since the first release of all these new features, we have seen other libraries
add support for and rely on SciPy's implementations,

> e.g. [@optuna2022qmc; @salib2022qmc].

Reviewer: It is often acceptable for references to be used as a noun in a sentence as they are here. However, in this case, I think it would be beneficial to name the packages.
```suggestion
e.g. Optuna [@optuna2022qmc] and SALib [@salib2022qmc].
```

---
title: 'Quasi-Monte Carlo Methods in Python'
tags:
  - Python
  - SciPy
  - statistics
  - Quasi-Monte Carlo methods
authors:
  - name: Pamphile T. Roy
    affiliation: 1
    corresponding: true
    orcid: 0000-0001-9816-1416
  - name: Art B. Owen
    affiliation: 2
    orcid: 0000-0001-5860-3945
  - name: Matt Haberland
    affiliation: 3
    orcid: 0000-0003-4806-3601
affiliations:
    - name: Quansight
      index: 1
    - name: Stanford University
      index: 2
    - name: California Polytechnic State University, San Luis Obispo, USA
      index: 3
date: 30 August 2022
bibliography: paper.bib

---

# Summary

# Statement of need

NumPy random number generators (`numpy.random`) has become the standard way of
sampling random numbers in the scientific Python ecosystem.
These methods are fast and reliable, and the results are repeatable when a
random seed is provided. However, sampling in high dimensions produces a lot of

> gaps and clusters of points. In integration problems, classical methods have a 

Reviewer: > However, sampling in high dimensions produces a lot of
gaps and clusters of points

This suggests that it's NumPy's fault, but it's just a fact of true and pseudorandom number generation, right? I think this should be rephrased so it cannot be interpreted as though we are blaming NumPy for this.

Maybe I'd leave NumPy out of it.

Reviewer: I don't think this has been addressed, and I think the idea that we're blaming NumPy somehow is reinforced by "are known to have better convergence rates than traditional Monte Carlo sampling (as implemented by NumPy)". Note that "implemented" is misspelled.

Author: I used here and there your suggestions. LMK

> gaps and clusters of points. In integration problems, classical methods have a 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
random seed is provided. However, sampling in high dimensions produces a lot of
gaps and clusters of points. In integration problems, classical Monte Carlo methods have a 
```
To distinguish from, say, Gaussian quadrature.

Reviewer: Also, I don't think the casual reader will recognize how general the word "integration" is here. Is there some way to concisely express that a lot of things that we don't think of as "integration" are also affected? For instance, I don't think of "design of experiments" as "integration" - how do we make the scope of the impact more obvious?

Reviewer: Outdated, but not addressed.

Author: Took your text suggestion in. Resolving as hard to see otherwise since the text changed. GH is bad for that.

low convergence rate meaning that a large sample size is required.

By construction, Quasi-Monte Carlo (QMC) methods provide efficient, determinist

> (or not) and quality generators that can advantageously replace traditional

Reviewer: What does "quality" mean in this case?

I thought we'd come back to the "deterministic (or not)" idea to clarify what that means, but we don't. I'd remove it here and add a sentence about how they are by nature deterministic, but they can be shuffled so that _____. (How do you say concisely that it allows you to "draw independent samples from a distribution of integral estimates so that you can make statistical inferences"?)

Reviewer: This is marked as outdated, but I don't think the comment was really addressed. What is "high-quality", if it is distinct from "efficient" (which I assume means offers higher convergence rate). And we still don't really clarify what "deterministic (or not)" means.

Author: Closing this one as rephrased the whole thing based on your suggestions

> methods. This can be decisive when the sampling size is limited or strong

Reviewer: The use of the word decisive here may not be precise. Which of the definitions (e.g., [here](https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/decisive)) did you have in mind? 

As for limited sampling size, I think that statement needs to be qualified: when sampling size is limited and dimensionality is high, really. In 1D, you can get much higher accuracy with other choices of sampling points, right?

Reviewer: Looks like this didn't change. Did you disagree with these points?

Author: Same changed

> reproducibility guarantee is required. Also QMC methods are known to have

Reviewer: Why does QMC provide a "stronger" reproducibility guarantee than MC with a seed?

Author: This is true for the non scrambled versions. Because it's independent of any implementation or platform or seed as the sequence is exactly defined mathematically.

Reviewer: Do you guarantee exact bitwise reproducibility? If so, I think we should mention that specifically. Otherwise, I don't see how `rng.default_rng(0)` is any less reproducible than `stats.qmc.Sobol(d, scramble=False)`.

Author: Yep it should be the case. For a given number of bits, the same algo will give exactly the same results on any platform (unscrambled again).

Reviewer: Ok, then I'd be explicit about that, if that's an important selling point. (Although it's surprising that it's unaffected by differences in floating point implementations.)

Author: I added a sentence for that.

better convergence rate than traditional Monte Carlo sampling (used by NumPy).

> QMC methods where added to SciPy [@virtanen2020scipy] after an extensive review

Reviewer: ```suggestion
QMC methods were added to SciPy [@virtanen2020scipy] after an extensive review
```

> and discussion period [@scipy2021qmc] that lead to a great collaboration

Reviewer: It sounds like the "extensive review and discussion period" is what "lead to a great collaboration", suggesting that the "great collaboration" occurred after the "review and discussion period".

I think we mean that the researchers were involved in the review itself, no?

Author: > I think we mean that the researchers were involved in the review itself, no?

This and also Art wrote a paper based on all the chat we had in the background with the others.

Reviewer: What do you think about citing that so that it is clear to the reader what the "great collaboration" was?

Author: Done

> between SciPy's maintainers and renown researchers in the field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
between SciPy's maintainers and renowned researchers in the field.
```

The following set of features is currently available:

- Sobol' and Halton sequences (scrambled and unscrambled),

> - Latin Hypercube Sampling (centred, optimized on $C^2$, orthogonal),

Reviewer: What does "optimized on $C^2$" mean? Will the reader know or is it easy to look up (e.g. $C^2$ is unambiguous in this context, just as "orthogonal" is)?

Author: I changed this.

> - Poisson disk,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Poisson disk sampling,
```

Should probably add a citation for this and any other techniques that are, say, cited in the SciPy documentation.

Author: I can add some citations yes 👍

Reviewer: Did you plan to add the citation?

> - Multinomial and multivariate normal,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Quasi-random multinomial and multivariate normal sampling,
```
If that's accurate. The intent is to distinguish between this an `stats.multivariate_normal.rng`.

> - Discrepancy measures ($C^2$, wrap around, star-$L_2$, mixed),

Reviewer: Ah, I see that $C^2$ is a discrepance measure. I forgot. Perhaps this belongs first.  And can't we optimize samples from all engines now? Maybe it should be a separate bullet point after this one.

I'd suggest adding a citation for these.

Reviewer: Did you plan to add a citation?

Author: yep now we can optimize any sample, this is why I have a dedicated point for optimization.

For the citation I added a ref for QMC that could act as a cover all. Not sure we want to add too many ref otherwise.

- Optimize a sample using $C^2$ or Lloyd-Max iterations,
- Scaling utilities,

> - Fast numerical inverse methods to sample arbitrary distributions with QMC.

Reviewer: This is really UNU.RAN, right? I wouldn't claim that UNU.RAN with this paper.
Also, it is really arbitrary _univariate_ distributions.

Author: So it's partly UNU.RAN but only the `qrvs` method. When I wrote this one bit, it was actually when we only had your method.

Reviewer: Ah right.

Reviewer: Up to you, but you could consider thanking Tirth and Chris in the Acknowledgements if this can be interpreted to mean their work with sampling.

Author: I can actually mention UNU.RAN and add a ref to their SciPy proceeding paper. (Did I already say I hate the name of this conf 😅). Done

Reviewer: I see.  Well, my method was removed (even though it was faster for all but absurdly large samples...) so it's not very relevant anymore. Let's just add the reference to the original sentence to simplify.

Before the release of SciPy 1.7.0, the need for these functions was partially
met in the scientific Python ecosystem by tutorials (e.g. blog posts)
and niche packages, but the functions in SciPy have several advantages:

- Prevalence: SciPy is one of the most downloaded scientific Python packages.
  If a Python user finds the need for these statistical methods, chances are
  that they already have SciPy, eliminating the need to find and install a
  new package.
- Speed: low level functions are written and optimized in Cython.
- Easy-of-use: the function API reference and tutorials are thorough,
  and the interfaces share common features and complement other SciPy functions.
- Dependability: as with all SciPy code, these functions were rigorously

>   peer-reviewed, and unit tests are extensive.

Reviewer: Hah when did I share my resampling paper? I don't remember sending it. (How does it look?)
Anyway, this is a little too similar/recognizable, as I plan to submit that one soon. You should probably write something like this bit without referring to this one.

Author: Sorry I was eyes dropping there 😅 Yes I have to rewrite this section. The whole paper as it is is mostly a patchwork so that we have a working base.

Since the first release of all these new features, we have seen other libraries
add support for and rely on SciPy's implementations,
e.g. [@optuna2022qmc; @salib2022qmc].

# Acknowledgements

> The authors acknowledge Dr Sergei Kucherenko from Imperial College London and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The authors thank Dr Sergei Kucherenko from Imperial College London
```

> for helpful discussions. The authors acknowledge Professors Fred Hickernell and

Reviewer: Maybe combine this with the previous sentence rather than having them be two identical sentences with different names/affiliations.

Also, perhaps it's strange given that the section is named "Acknowledgements", but when used as a verb, the word "acknowledge" is almost devoid of positive or negative connotation. I would "acknowledge" someone I really don't like by grunting, perhaps. Let's thank them.

Author: We can use another section name sure. I just named it by habit here.

Reviewer: The section name is fine. I mean change "The authors acknowledge" to "The authors thank".

Sergei Kucherenko for helpful discussions. Dr Maximilian Balandat raised the
initial issue which lead to these developments and provided the initial Cython

> implementation of the Sobol' method. Lastly, the SciPy maintainer team provided

Reviewer: Do you think he should be invited to be an author? I was under the impression he contributed a fair amount.

Author: I was not sure either and wanted to discuss this with you. If you are fine with it I would ping him to know if he is interested.

Reviewer: Yes, I think that would be a good idea.

> implementation of the Sobol' method. Lastly, the SciPy maintainer team provided

Reviewer: Since he will be an author, no?
```suggestion
Sergei Kucherenko for helpful discussions. Lastly, the SciPy maintainer team provided
```

> support and help regarding the design and integration.

Reviewer: I would name some of those who review QMC PRs, and I think it's appropriate to thank them, too.

Author: hum... That would be you and Ralf 😅 IIRC Tyler might have given a few suggestions. But I don't recall more reviews. Do you remember more names?

Reviewer: No. Fortunately, GH saves this sort of thing : )

Reviewer: It's up to you whether to thank them by name, but this is marked as outdated without explicitly being resolved. Let me know if you would prefer not to name them and we can consider this resolved.

Author: I named them 👍
